                                                 James Fisher

   James Harrison Fisher

    Date of birth  October 1987
       Address     Colchester, Essex, CO3 3UZ
    Email address  jameshfisher@gmail.com
   Mobile tel. no. 07951 498 897
    Find me on ...   LinkedIn, GitHub, Reddit

   I am a developer and designer with a degree in History with first-class honours. I like problems and
   will attack them until solved. I like to communicate in paint, print, and programming.

Education

   2006-9 Bachelor of Arts degree, with first-class honors, in History, at the University of York.
   2004-6    Achieved the following six A-levels:
          Grade    Subjects               Institution
          A     History         Colchester Royal Grammar School
          A     Computing       Colchester Royal Grammar School
          A     General Studies Colchester Royal Grammar School
          B     Physics         Colchester Royal Grammar School
          B     Mathematics     Colchester Royal Grammar School
          B     Art and Design  Grey Friars
   2002-4 Eleven GCSEs at Colchester Royal Grammar School.

Skills

     * I have computing and I.T. experience of the following, with varying familiarity:
          + Systems langs. (C, C++, Go, D)
          + Scripting langs. (Python, PHP, JS)
          + Functional langs. (Haskell)
          + jQuery, jQuery UI, underscore
          + Apache, NodeJS, MVC (Django)
          + HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON, &c.
          + Revision control (git, svn)
          + Testing (xUnit, QuickCheck)
          + SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL
          + T[E]X, L^AT[E]X
          + Linux, Windows
     * An understanding of algorithmics and a comfortableness with formalism. I am familiar with Big-O
       notation. I enjoy playing with and implementing algorithms for their own sake.
     * An impeccable grasp of the English language. I write for pleasure, and enjoy communicating ideas
       with flair, clarity and concision. I believe this is a prerequisite of being an effective
       programmer.
     * An eye for aesthetics, design, and presentation. I adore understated typography, functional
       communication, and interactive design.
     * Problem-solving and strategic thinking. I will thrive in an intellectually challenging workplace.
       I strive to eliminate routine tasks.

Previous work and achievements

   2006-present Director and Secretary of Lexden Montessori Ltd., the family business. In these roles I
   have overseen, among other things,
     * Business planning. From the outset I have been involved in the company's expansion and direction
       of growth. I understand the requirements and challenges of a small business.
     * Market research and advertising in multiple media (print, web, radio, and others). I have
       learned, by success and failure, how to think from a customer's perspective.
     * Administration and secretarial duties. The follies of schematizing, sorting, and
       cross-referencing paperwork led me towards the real power of the computer.
     * Web design and maintenance for http://www.lexdenmontessori.com/.

   2010 Branding for Pembroke House (http://www.pembrokehouse.sc.ke/), a private Kenyan prep school. In
   the words of their Commercial Director,

     James has worked with me on new brand designs for Harambee Schools Kenya, a charity and Pembroke
     House school, a prep school. In both cases his work was of the highest quality, and reflected a
     passion for design, but also for getting under the skin of the organisation he is designing for. I
     wouldn't hesitate to use James again for any design projects that I might have.

   2010

   Branding and web design for Harambee Schools Kenya (http://www.hsk.org.uk/), a charity building
   schools around Gilgil in rural Kenya.

   GWS Media gave the website an award, commending its âplain, clear English; striking design, and
   beautiful images.â To date, the new branding and website is known to have directly brought in
   Â£53,000 of funding, including from UBM (the global media and comms giant) and HSBC, who made HSK
   their official corporate charity after finding their website.
   2009 Developing an internal database-driven system for managing care homes and CSCI reports for
   Caring Homes Ltd.
   2008 Various responsibilities at Caring Homes Ltd., including: accountancy and financial planning,
   due diligence, insurance of plant, and remote I.T. support
   2005 First prize in a sixth-form art competition
   2004-6 I.T. technician at Colchester Royal Grammar School
   2004-5 Membership in a Young Enterprise company, qualifying with a distinction

   This document is available at http://eegg.github.com/cv/.

   Get the plaintext Get the PDF
