                                                 James Fisher

   James Harrison Fisher

    Date of birth  October 1987
       Address     Colchester, Essex, CO3 3UZ
    Email address  jameshfisher@gmail.com
   Mobile tel. no. 07951 498 897
    Find me on ...   LinkedIn, GitHub, Reddit

Education

   2010-12 MSc in Computing Science from Imperial College. Distinction in coursework and exams.
           Individual project to be completed.
   2006-9  Bachelor of Arts degree, with first-class honors, in History, at the University of York.
   2004-6     Achieved the following six A-levels:
           Grade    Subjects               Institution
           A     History         Colchester Royal Grammar School
           A     Computing       Colchester Royal Grammar School
           A     General Studies Colchester Royal Grammar School
           B     Physics         Colchester Royal Grammar School
           B     Mathematics     Colchester Royal Grammar School
           B     Art and Design  Grey Friars
   2002-4  Eleven GCSEs at Colchester Royal Grammar School.

Skills

     * Programming and computer science. I am happy using various languages including C++, Javascript,
       and Haskell. I can develop modern web sites and applications.
     * I.T. administration, including operating systems (Windows, Linux) and networking (small-scale)
     * An impeccable grasp of the English language. I write for pleasure, and enjoy communicating ideas
       with flair, clarity and concision.
     * Problem-solving and strategic thinking. I strive to eliminate routine tasks.
     * An eye for aesthetics, design, and presentation. I adore understated typography, functional
       communication, and interactive design. I can put this into practice on the web, in Photoshop, or
       simply in letter-writing.
     * Office suites (MS Office, OpenOffice, Google Docs). I am comfortable with document processing,
       spreadsheets, presentations, and databases.

Previous work and achievements

   May 2012-present Software Developer at YUDU Media.
   2006-present Director and Secretary of Lexden Montessori. In these roles I have overseen, among other
   things,
     * Business planning. From the outset I have been involved in the company's expansion and direction
       of growth. I understand the requirements and challenges of a small business.
     * Market research and advertising in multiple media (print, web, radio, and others). I have
       learned, by success and failure, how to think from a customer's perspective.
     * Administration and secretarial duties. The follies of schematizing, sorting, and
       cross-referencing paperwork led me towards the real power of the computer.
     * Web design and maintenance for http://www.lexdenmontessori.com/.

   2012-present (work in progress) Branding and marketing consultancy for The Gilgil Trust
   (http://www.gilgiltrust.org.uk/), an organization providing young people around the town of Gilgil in
   Kenya with shelter, health-care, and help in their education and careers.
   2010 Branding for Pembroke House (http://www.pembrokehouse.sc.ke/), a private Kenyan prep school. In
   the words of their Commercial Director,

     James has worked with me on new brand designs for Harambee Schools Kenya (see below), a charity
     and Pembroke House school, a prep school. In both cases his work was of the highest quality, and
     reflected a passion for design, but also for getting under the skin of the organisation he is
     designing for. I wouldn't hesitate to use James again for any design projects that I might have.

   2010

   Branding and web design for Harambee Schools Kenya (http://www.hsk.org.uk/), a charity building
   schools around Gilgil in rural Kenya.

   GWS Media gave the website an award, commending its âplain, clear English; striking design, and
   beautiful images.â To date, the new branding and website is known to have directly brought in
   Â£53,000 of funding, including from UBM (the global media and comms giant) and HSBC, who made HSK
   their official corporate charity after finding their website.
   2009 Developing an internal database-driven system for managing care homes and CSCI reports for
   Caring Homes.
   2008 Various responsibilities at Caring Homes, including: accountancy and financial planning, due
   diligence, insurance of plant, and remote I.T. support

   This document is available at http://eegg.github.com/cv/.

   Get the plaintext Get the PDF
